What abilities does
a qualified cosmetics formulator
need
? Why
arm strength ? Because I'm about to fly
to France
to bring back my 10-pound new raw material.
What's going on?
In April,
didn't I go to the Netherlands
to attend the cosmetics exhibition?
In this video,
I introduced a new ingredient
that's good for dandruff.
Later, through laboratory evaluation, I found that
it was also very effective for closed comedones and acne
, so I planned to
use it in the formula of my newly developed cosmetics.
What a great thing, right?
But it's out of stock.
The raw material manufacturer
was quite happy.
He said that thanks to my previous videos,
many product managers in the industry have taken a fancy to him.
The samples were all taken up,
so I have to fly over
and bring it back myself.
Hi everyone, I'm the formulator Xingxing.
I'm in France now.
Today,
I'd like you to accompany me to pick up the raw materials. The factory
is called Givaudan
, which
you may not
know . I know what it is
, but when it comes to perfume
, among all the world-famous perfumes,
you can recognize at least one.
They are all Givaudan products.
However, this company, ranked among the top three in the industry
, has a business scope far more than that.
We are about to go
to its Life Science and Testing Center
near Reims, France .
They told me that
my raw materials are here.
Oh, it's so windy,
my raw materials are
in the building opposite .
Because it is a research and development center
, I have to
change clothes before entering.
They didn't let me wait in the conference room,
but in the laboratory.
The raw material I came to pick up this time
is called DandErase™
, which is a natural raw material for a series of problems
caused by Malassezia, such as seborrheic dermatitis,
dandruff, closed comedones, etc. Because the
cosmetics industry
has always
used chemically synthesized ingredients like OCT
to deal with Malassezia infections,
so if a natural raw material
can achieve such good data and effects,
I must have a good chat with them. Now
that we've caught the expert,
let's quickly ask a few crucial questions.
I know our raw material is excellent
, so I use it
in my new acne-removing product.
But I'm actually very curious about
how we came up with the idea
that saffron contains such an ingredient.
Did we screen it,
or did we already have some logic
and deduced it?
We have been researching this topic for more than 10 years
with the goal of finding a
natural ingredient that is at least as effective as the chemical reference substance on the market.
So we did it.
We went through a long screening process
with the goal of finding a biologically active molecule,
and we found saffron . Givaudan
has spent more than a decade
on this matter
, screening thousands of raw materials,
and finally the hard work paid off.
Saffron is the raw material for DandErase™. It is an ingredient
that specifically inhibits the harmful bacteria Malassezia
through microecological regulation,
while
not harming other beneficial bacteria
. Leah told me that
it felt fateful that
saffron, as red gold
, is itself very symbolic.
It represents healing and vitality,
so it felt quite fateful
that we finally found it to be effective against Malassezia.
So how did we prove its efficacy?
Let me show you.
Therefore, inhibiting the growth of Malassezia
involves different mechanisms.
With so many bacterial species,
we can specifically target two of them (pathogenic bacteria)
without interfering with the rest of the ecosystem (other resident bacteria)
, thereby not disrupting the healthy environment of the scalp.
What's more ,
in clinical tests,
we achieved a 100% effective effect,
with no rebound even after discontinuation for a period of time.
So how many people did we use
in this clinical trial ?
Over a hundred volunteers
. So many
tips: Most skincare products only require 30 people for "market approval" clinical testing.
Although ordinary users may not feel it , upstream raw material suppliers
with a large variety of ingredients
are good at this. It's not easy
to organize so many people
and invest so much clinical funds in
the research and development of each raw material.
But as the conversation deepened,
I felt less surprised.
Because Givaudan
has a very complete scientific research management system
and very professional scientific researchers.
They even provide a lot of formula guidance
for downstream product development,
telling formulators like me
how to use their raw materials.
I know that
we actually have a series of
hyaluronic acid called needle-free injection.
Since it is needle-free injection
, it means it is absorbable.
How do we prove its absorbability?
I think you are referring to
PrimalHyal™ Ultrafiller.
We precisely design hyaluronic acid and then graft it
to allow it to penetrate deeper.
Julia told me
that they
have been working with We are collaborating with experts in Raman spectroscopy.
Raman spectroscopy
is a fingerprint-like technique
that can monitor
the penetration and absorption of ingredients into the skin
. Givaudan has been using
this cutting-edge detection technology
to verify ingredient absorption
. In a rural area surrounded by farmland in France,
this leading biotechnology company
is secluded,
with scientists
dedicated to finding more keys to beauty.
An impromptu, self-service package tour
allowed me to connect
with friends who are also dedicated their lives to research.
It will also be an opportunity for you to see
that cosmetics are no longer just a chemical industry
, but a part of life science.
Oh, baby,
I have to hold on tight
, don't let anyone else snatch
it away! Here's the raw material from the plane.
A leading global flavor and fragrance company, specializing in flavor and health, as well as fragrance and beauty, is the "mastermind" behind many world-renowned perfumes.
The active ingredient extracted from saffron has a targeted inhibitory effect on Malassezia fungus, while not affecting other microbial flora, regulating the skin's microecology.
It is a unique hyaluronic acid derivative designed to provide a cosmetic alternative to injectable fillers. It penetrates twice as deep into the skin as standard hyaluronic acid and is resistant to hyaluronidase, extending its lifespan in the skin.
Raman spectroscopy is a technique that uses lasers to illuminate a substance and then analyzes changes in the scattered light to reveal the molecular structure and composition. Because different molecules have unique "fingerprint peaks" in the Raman spectrum, detecting these characteristic peaks on the skin can prove that the substance has penetrated, how deep it has penetrated, and ultimately simulate the absorption distribution spectrum
. Acknowledgements: Thank you for the invitation from Givaudan. Could you please
tell us
what new materials and directions we are researching recently?
We pay special attention to
the "connection" between the skin and other systems
and everything related to it,
especially the connection between
the skin and blood vessels, nerves
, and different layers,
because they are always in
"communication",
but I can't say more. I
look forward to it.